# ShruBite! Shoot, Run and Bite!
ShruBite is a small academic project I made for my 3D Game Programming class! A Top-down bullet hell where you play as a army man fighting hoards of zombies with increasing difficulty and power ups!

## How It's Made:

**Tech used:** C#, Unity, Unity Packages in C#

While the assets I used for ShruBite may not be pretty or the best, I actually made almost all of the assets for the game myself excluding the ground material which I found as a free asset on the asset store and all audio assets. I have no prior experience with asset creation or 3D modeling so that is why the assets are so simplistic. After all the models were created, I wrote all the scripts for all the interactions between the 3D GameObjects and keeping track of the score and the lives system as well. The game flow starts with the player. The player uses WASD to move around the screen, has a gun that automatically fires at the same interval and the gun tracks your mouse. When you start the game, the zombies will spawn off-screen and slowly march toward the player. The interval at which zombies spawn decreases with every 15 zombies that you kill making the game increasingly harder. Every zombie you kill has a 20% of dropping one of two powerups. The two powerups are a health powerup which gives you one life if you aren't already at three or the fire rate powerup which increases your fire rate for a short duration. These powerups spawn where you kill the zombie so the player must run over and collect the powerups. You lose a life in the game anytime a zombie comes into contact with you, but every time you take damage you gain invulnerability for a short duration to allow you to reposition. Lastly, all the sound fx were taken from a free audio fx website, but I chose the background music. I chose an absolute sleeper from the Cyberpunk: Edgerunners soundtrack that gives off a cool acid techno vibe :)

## Lessons Learned:

Making these models from scratch helped me gain a better understanding of the transform component to every 3D Game Object. You must have a really strong grasp of the 3D Plane and use of the XYZ coordinate plane to properly set-up your models. Another thing I learned about was if your models need to face a certain direction or change the direction they are facing, you must develop these models looking south. I originally put the arms on the zombies so that they were facing East and all of a sudden, my zombies were walking funny. Beyond that, I was actually super excited with the final product of this project. I even moved it from my laptop to my PC, so I could try it out on my main PC. When I decided that computer science was what I wanted to do, it was never with the intention of creating video games, but I am learning that this is kind of fun and the end result is pretty cool and makes everything worth it :3
